README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
	🦉 OWL: Optimized Workforce Learning for General Multi-Agent Assistance in Real-World Task Automation
</h1>


<div align="center">

[![Documentation][docs-image]][docs-url]
[![Discord][discord-image]][discord-url]
[![X][x-image]][x-url]
[![Reddit][reddit-image]][reddit-url]
[![Wechat][wechat-image]][wechat-url]
[![Wechat][owl-image]][owl-url]
[![Hugging Face][huggingface-image]][huggingface-url]
[![Star][star-image]][star-url]
[![Package License][package-license-image]][package-license-url]


</div>


<hr>

<div align="center">
<h4 align="center">

[中文阅读](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/tree/main/README_zh.md) |
[Community](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl#community) |
[Installation](#️-installation) |
[Examples](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/tree/main/owl) |
[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.17760) |
[Citation](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl#citation) |
[Contributing](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/graphs/contributors) |
[CAMEL-AI](https://www.camel-ai.org/)

</h4>

<div align="center">

🦉 OWL is a cutting-edge framework for multi-agent collaboration that pushes the boundaries of task automation, built on top of the [CAMEL-AI Framework](https://github.com/camel-ai/camel).

OWL achieves **58.18** average score on GAIA benchmark and ranks 🏅️ #1 among open-source frameworks.

Our vision is to revolutionize how AI agents collaborate to solve real-world tasks. By leveraging dynamic agent interactions, OWL enables more natural, efficient, and robust task automation across diverse domains.

</div>

![](./assets/owl_architecture.png)

<br>


</div>

<!-- # Key Features -->
# 📋 Table of Contents

- [📋 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [🔥 News](#-news)
- [🎬 Demo Video](#-demo-video)
- [🛠️ Installation](#️-installation)
	- [**Clone the Github repository**](#clone-the-github-repository)
	- [**Set up Environment**](#set-up-environment)
	- [**Install Dependencies**](#install-dependencies)
	- [**Setup Environment Variables**](#setup-environment-variables)
- [🚀 Quick Start](#-quick-start)
- [🧪 Experiments](#-experiments)
- [⏱️ Future Plans](#️-future-plans)
- [📄 License](#-license)
- [🖊️ Cite](#️-cite)
- [🔥 Community](#-community)
- [⭐ Star History](#-star-history)


# 🔥 News

- **[2025.03.07]**: We open-source the codebase of 🦉 OWL project.

# 🎬 Demo Video

https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/55657767/420211368-f29f477d-7eef-46da-8d7a-8f3bcf506da2.mp4

https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/55657767/420212194-e813fc05-136a-485f-8df3-f10d9b4e63ec.mp4


# 🛠️ Installation

## **Clone the Github repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/camel-ai/owl.git
cd owl
```

## **Set up Environment**

Using Conda (recommended):
```bash
conda create -n owl python=3.11
conda activate owl
```

Using venv (alternative):
```bash
python -m venv owl_env
# On Windows
owl_env\Scripts\activate
# On Unix or MacOS
source owl_env/bin/activate
```


## **Install Dependencies**

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install
```

## **Setup Environment Variables** 

In the `owl/.env_example` file, you will find all the necessary API keys along with the websites where you can register for each service. To use these API services, follow these steps:

1. *Copy and Rename*: Duplicate the `.env_example` file and rename the copy to `.env`.
2. *Fill in Your Keys*: Open the `.env` file and insert your API keys in the corresponding fields. 

> **Note**: For optimal performance, we strongly recommend using OpenAI models. Our experiments show that other models may result in significantly lower performance on complex tasks and benchmarks.

# 🚀 Quick Start
   
Run the following minimal example:

```bash
python owl/run.py
```

# 🧪 Experiments

We provided a script to reproduce the results on GAIA. 
You can check the `run_gaia_roleplaying.py` file and run the following command:

```bash
python run_gaia_roleplaying.py
```

# ⏱️ Future Plans

- [ ] Write a technical blog post detailing our exploration and insights in multi-agent collaboration in real-world tasks.
- [ ] Enhance the toolkit ecosystem with more specialized tools for domain-specific tasks.
- [ ] Develop more sophisticated agent interaction patterns and communication protocols


# 📄 License

The source code is licensed under Apache 2.0.

# 🖊️ Cite

If you find this repo useful, please cite:


```
@misc{owl2025,
  title        = {OWL: Optimized Workforce Learning for General Multi-Agent Assistance in Real-World Task Automation},
  author       = {{CAMEL-AI.org}},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/camel-ai/owl}},
  note         = {Accessed: 2025-03-07},
  year         = {2025}
}
```

# 🔥 Community
Join us for further discussions!
<!-- ![](./assets/community.png) -->
![](./assets/community_2.png)


# ⭐ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=camel-ai/owl&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#camel-ai/owl&Date)

[docs-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-EB3ECC
[docs-url]: https://camel-ai.github.io/camel/index.html
[star-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/camel-ai/owl?label=stars&logo=github&color=brightgreen
[star-url]: https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/stargazers
[package-license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg
[package-license-url]: https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/blob/main/licenses/LICENSE

[colab-url]: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AzP33O8rnMW__7ocWJhVBXjKziJXPtim?usp=sharing
[colab-image]: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg
[huggingface-url]: https://huggingface.co/camel-ai
[huggingface-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-CAMEL--AI-ffc107?color=ffc107&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.camel-ai.org/
[discord-image]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1082486657678311454?logo=discord&labelColor=%20%235462eb&logoColor=%20%23f5f5f5&color=%20%235462eb
[wechat-url]: https://ghli.org/camel/wechat.png
[wechat-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/WeChat-CamelAIOrg-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white
[x-url]: https://x.com/CamelAIOrg
[x-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CamelAIOrg?style=social
[twitter-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CamelAIOrg?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter
[reddit-url]: https://www.reddit.com/r/CamelAI/
[reddit-image]: https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/CamelAI?style=plastic&logo=reddit&label=r%2FCAMEL&labelColor=white
[ambassador-url]: https://www.camel-ai.org/community
[owl-url]: ./assets/qr_code.jpg
[owl-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/WeChat-OWLProject-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white

Commit message:

add model changing docs url

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
	🦉 OWL: Optimized Workforce Learning for General Multi-Agent Assistance in Real-World Task Automation
</h1>


<div align="center">

[![Documentation][docs-image]][docs-url]
[![Discord][discord-image]][discord-url]
[![X][x-image]][x-url]
[![Reddit][reddit-image]][reddit-url]
[![Wechat][wechat-image]][wechat-url]
[![Wechat][owl-image]][owl-url]
[![Hugging Face][huggingface-image]][huggingface-url]
[![Star][star-image]][star-url]
[![Package License][package-license-image]][package-license-url]


</div>


<hr>

<div align="center">
<h4 align="center">

[中文阅读](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/tree/main/README_zh.md) |
[Community](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl#community) |
[Installation](#️-installation) |
[Examples](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/tree/main/owl) |
[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.17760) |
[Citation](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl#citation) |
[Contributing](https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/graphs/contributors) |
[CAMEL-AI](https://www.camel-ai.org/)

</h4>

<div align="center">

🦉 OWL is a cutting-edge framework for multi-agent collaboration that pushes the boundaries of task automation, built on top of the [CAMEL-AI Framework](https://github.com/camel-ai/camel).

OWL achieves **58.18** average score on GAIA benchmark and ranks 🏅️ #1 among open-source frameworks.

Our vision is to revolutionize how AI agents collaborate to solve real-world tasks. By leveraging dynamic agent interactions, OWL enables more natural, efficient, and robust task automation across diverse domains.

</div>

![](./assets/owl_architecture.png)

<br>


</div>

<!-- # Key Features -->
# 📋 Table of Contents

- [📋 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [🔥 News](#-news)
- [🎬 Demo Video](#-demo-video)
- [🛠️ Installation](#️-installation)
	- [**Clone the Github repository**](#clone-the-github-repository)
	- [**Set up Environment**](#set-up-environment)
	- [**Install Dependencies**](#install-dependencies)
	- [**Setup Environment Variables**](#setup-environment-variables)
- [🚀 Quick Start](#-quick-start)
- [🧪 Experiments](#-experiments)
- [⏱️ Future Plans](#️-future-plans)
- [📄 License](#-license)
- [🖊️ Cite](#️-cite)
- [🔥 Community](#-community)
- [⭐ Star History](#-star-history)


# 🔥 News

- **[2025.03.07]**: We open-source the codebase of 🦉 OWL project.

# 🎬 Demo Video

https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/55657767/420211368-f29f477d-7eef-46da-8d7a-8f3bcf506da2.mp4

https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/55657767/420212194-e813fc05-136a-485f-8df3-f10d9b4e63ec.mp4


# 🛠️ Installation

## **Clone the Github repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/camel-ai/owl.git
cd owl
```

## **Set up Environment**

Using Conda (recommended):
```bash
conda create -n owl python=3.11
conda activate owl
```

Using venv (alternative):
```bash
python -m venv owl_env
# On Windows
owl_env\Scripts\activate
# On Unix or MacOS
source owl_env/bin/activate
```


## **Install Dependencies**

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install
```

## **Setup Environment Variables** 

In the `owl/.env_example` file, you will find all the necessary API keys along with the websites where you can register for each service. To use these API services, follow these steps:

1. *Copy and Rename*: Duplicate the `.env_example` file and rename the copy to `.env`.
2. *Fill in Your Keys*: Open the `.env` file and insert your API keys in the corresponding fields. 
3.*For using more other models*: please refer to our camel docs:https://docs.camel-ai.org/key_modules/models. html#supported-model-platforms-in-camel


> **Note**: For optimal performance, we strongly recommend using OpenAI models. Our experiments show that other models may result in significantly lower performance on complex tasks and benchmarks.

# 🚀 Quick Start
   
Run the following minimal example:

```bash
python owl/run.py
```

# 🧪 Experiments

We provided a script to reproduce the results on GAIA. 
You can check the `run_gaia_roleplaying.py` file and run the following command:

```bash
python run_gaia_roleplaying.py
```

# ⏱️ Future Plans

- [ ] Write a technical blog post detailing our exploration and insights in multi-agent collaboration in real-world tasks.
- [ ] Enhance the toolkit ecosystem with more specialized tools for domain-specific tasks.
- [ ] Develop more sophisticated agent interaction patterns and communication protocols


# 📄 License

The source code is licensed under Apache 2.0.

# 🖊️ Cite

If you find this repo useful, please cite:


```
@misc{owl2025,
  title        = {OWL: Optimized Workforce Learning for General Multi-Agent Assistance in Real-World Task Automation},
  author       = {{CAMEL-AI.org}},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/camel-ai/owl}},
  note         = {Accessed: 2025-03-07},
  year         = {2025}
}
```

# 🔥 Community
Join us for further discussions!
<!-- ![](./assets/community.png) -->
![](./assets/community_2.png)


# ⭐ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=camel-ai/owl&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#camel-ai/owl&Date)

[docs-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-EB3ECC
[docs-url]: https://camel-ai.github.io/camel/index.html
[star-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/camel-ai/owl?label=stars&logo=github&color=brightgreen
[star-url]: https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/stargazers
[package-license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg
[package-license-url]: https://github.com/camel-ai/owl/blob/main/licenses/LICENSE

[colab-url]: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AzP33O8rnMW__7ocWJhVBXjKziJXPtim?usp=sharing
[colab-image]: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg
[huggingface-url]: https://huggingface.co/camel-ai
[huggingface-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-CAMEL--AI-ffc107?color=ffc107&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.camel-ai.org/
[discord-image]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1082486657678311454?logo=discord&labelColor=%20%235462eb&logoColor=%20%23f5f5f5&color=%20%235462eb
[wechat-url]: https://ghli.org/camel/wechat.png
[wechat-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/WeChat-CamelAIOrg-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white
[x-url]: https://x.com/CamelAIOrg
[x-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CamelAIOrg?style=social
[twitter-image]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CamelAIOrg?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter
[reddit-url]: https://www.reddit.com/r/CamelAI/
[reddit-image]: https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/CamelAI?style=plastic&logo=reddit&label=r%2FCAMEL&labelColor=white
[ambassador-url]: https://www.camel-ai.org/community
[owl-url]: ./assets/qr_code.jpg
[owl-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/WeChat-OWLProject-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white
